start this meeting uh we'll call the
meeting to order this is the town of
Andover Board of Finance meeting for
Wednesday August
28th um we'll go ahead and recite the
pledge I pledge allegiance to the flag
of the United States of America to The
Republic which it stands one nation
under God indivisible with liberty and
justice for all for all okay very
good uh next order businesses public
speak
uh we have Shannon and Linda both with
us from the public uh Linda you have
anything
to all set okay
shanon just here to Shepherd along the
tri board policy Mark thanks
okay very good we'll go ahead and move
on any changes or additions to the
agenda I don't have hearing none we'll
go ahead and go on to Old business uh
review of budget to actual I mean I took
a quick look we're in the first you know
month of the year so there's not much
really that could get hopefully too out
of whack at this point um so I don't
know if anybody has any questions or
Eric if you have anything to to comment
on no oh sorry I do have a question once
Eric's done yeah
Joan sorry Eric when looking at this the
budget to actual is this a Contin tion
of well is this the new budget inputed
or is this the old
budget you know because
it's so this is the should be the new
budget not be the new budget yeah okay
that's I'm just making sure because
everything you know you have it input
and then everything's a negative in the
percent over budget you know what I mean
so I guess it sorry it could be just me
forgetting what they look like as long
as it's a new one input that's fine
thank
you yeah it's the dollars over so you
know as long as we're not you know you
haven't spent anything it'll be it'll
generally be negative unless we're over
the line item so of course thank
you
yeah other questions or
comments I did I guess I could ask a
question at this point Eric um did we I
know that we voted in the project
manager position for the 15,000 I
believe right correct have we been able
to think about filling that or anything
yet nope okay just checking thank you I
mean I know you have a lot on your plate
and it's just the beginning of the year
so um thanks
yeah
yep okay if anybody has any questions on
these I guess there's a check register
also um looks like most of the standard
stuff going in and out some of the stuff
from the state of Connecticut obviously
and the payroll is big numbers moving in
and out um you know if anybody has any
specific questions on
that okay have none we go ahead and move
on to the tri board committee
discussion um I
I know that Shannon had sent the uh
draft to Dennis
O'Brien um were you all copied on that
no okay so she just copied me and uh
Eric I don't think so I hope I hope I'm
I checked no it doesn't look like it
okay okay well it's good that it's
moving can I ask were you yeah all right
I I'll sit back sorry I'll just listen
well I guess the you know I don't know
Shannon you want do you you want to kind
of explain you just sent that on to uh
to Dennis for comment um kind of PR some
of the discussion that happened at the
last board meeting uh sorry as I can
tell you didn't respond to you but
sometimes maybe you didn't copy he you
had heard from yet then I have not so
just so everybody knows I apologize if I
should have sent it to the whole board I
I apologize um just real quickly I made
the the two major changes or Rob and I
made the two major changes to change the
word managed to the word supervised to
address what um Eric had commented on
with regard to really what the tri board
would be responsible for as far as
capital projects and then based on the
concern about uh whether or not there
was any contradiction with the charter I
added the uh the charter prevailing um
uh subsection e um into the into the
policy and then as Louise had asked and
the the board had asked I forwarded it
on to Dennis for his comments and called
him this afternoon and haven't heard
back so hopefully he will comment on
that okay thanks um I did forward that
to everybody you could just see kind of
uh a lot of a little more detail that
basically what Shannon just said you
know as she summarized some of the
changes and what the point of the policy
was Etc um and uh asked Dennis for for
the view so you can take a look at that
Mark I have a comment if I can yep no I
really appreciate all the time and
effort you've put into it Shannon and
coming to all of our meetings and trying
to simplify it or appease everyone with
the comments that were made um I like
that it's a one-page document very easy
to read now because I printed everything
out today so that I could kind of read
over um you know and you know I hope
that you hear back from our town
attorney soon I don't know how busy he
is or how long he normally takes to you
know answer things so hopefully that
will be you know forthcoming for you um
again I'm really in favor of this I
think that it's nice that we're all
making efforts to have things come
together the only question I had for
Shannon if I may is were we going to
Dennis first and then to the board of
Selectmen or have they been sent
anything yet
um no Joanne I thought it was best to go
board by board yeah um so what I did was
uh Board of Education acted on it first
then I put it forward to you um it was
initially supposed to be a joint policy
between our two boards but then we
wanted to add in the board of Selectmen
so um I guess after your approval
hopefully with the approval of two
boards um will address whatever concerns
the board of selectman have which
hopefully won't be many if any um
especially after dentist chimes in so
that's been my the only reason I haven't
done it I just didn't want to do to deal
with two boards questions at the same
time no I think you're simply you know
you're streamlining it in the best
possible way you know having because if
you get opinions from all sides you know
then it's hard to kind of yeah I like
this I like going one board by board um
again I'm not sure what the rest of the
board is feeling but I'm I'm totally in
favor of it I know that we're trying
work well together so I I can't see
where um any harm would come to having a
joint agreement like this and I'm I'm
pleased with it so thank
you okay any other questions or comments
I mean my general thinking is we
probably should wait to hear back see
what Dennis has any comments and
obviously before we take any action I I
think it'd be a good idea to have more
of the board present um just because of
vacations and illnesses and everything
um having recently recovered from pretty
severe B of Co myself I I know how that
can take you out so um I think we should
wait till we we have some more uh input
from the board and of course the input
from the
attorney okay if there's no more
discussion there we'll move on to item
4D which is the education mandate uh
relief and Eric from the legislative
point of view Mark did
did we lose somebody did we lose uh
because there's only three of us now Kim
oh Kim yeah we lost Kim somewhere oh
thanks
y while we're waiting to see oh while
we're make any motions yeah we just
can't we just can't vote on any
substantive business
really so she's back quick question
while we're waiting for her to return
hopefully um so are is that what I know
we had heard from um bill is Rob on am I
allow you know I'm sorry if I missed
he's away on vacation is that why he's
no Rob wasn't feeling M said he miss
today okay understood totally okay thank
you okay Eric did you want to comment on
the education mandate relief legislative
activities anything new I do not I I
actually thought I had taken that off
the agenda before it got to you uh
okay and the next item then is Town
match for the the trails
Grant that's also from last week I don't
know if you have anything new to add for
that yeah I don't I mean other than the
public did approve it so so that was
good y okay
good okay we'll go ahead and move on to
five Mark can I ask I apologize maybe
it's not what will the town match be for
this particular Grant if I may I think
21,000 okay this is the one just remind
me which one this is I should be better
at this there's a lot of them which
which Trails is this is this the one
near the
school well it's the one that goes from
basically behind the community center
directly to the rail trail alongside the
path that is now the Percy cook Trail
it's basically a design study to modify
the Percy cook Trail um to make the
whole thing uh accessible or whole thing
usable okay so we're getting the funding
from um the state and then the town has
to match about the 21,000 for the for
correct okay thank
you the majority of of state grants
these days require a 20% match oh yeah
definitely
all right that's all I have on
that okay um moving on to item 5A Town
Treasurer so if you look we have a
chance to look through your packet there
is an email from the treasurer in there
um offering to continue to work part
time or work work remotely because she
will be mo going to Florida as she I
think she did last year quite some time
uh from from November or middle of
December until middle of April and she
said she's willing to provide the
services remotely if we're comfortable
with that otherwise she would tender her
resignation at the end of November so I
guess the question ends up being
um what's the board's thinking about
that I mean I'm I'm comfortable with it
I mean she's a good working
relationship uh it seems like with with
uh well with us but with Eric um and
just getting the job done obviously
taken us a long way from where we were
previously um Eric what are your
thoughts on
that I'm fine with it she and I had a
long discussion the other day um you
know my real concern was support during
budget
season um you know and I think we can
work that
out um so I think we would be okay with
her working room I don't have any and
Char already understands the town um so
I'm I certainly have no incentive to
change yeah has G oh sorry this gone
before the board of SL yet uh it has not
um it'll be in their packet the next
time but okay I'm highly in favor of
keeping her I think we're so lucky that
she came in to fix everything that she
did um her and Christina and Chris I
guess she calls herself there um have
such a good relationship that I have
witnessed and just know I know how
highly each of them thinks of each other
so that's huge with Christina holding
down the fort here um also think that in
this kind of
job um it's okay to work remote I mean
she's not doing all the bill paying and
everything that's Christina's task so
being remote is actually okay it's
something you know I think she maybe
like if Eric is concerned about budget
season and the spreadsheet and all of
that um hopefully she can take a closer
look so we don't have a big mistake like
we did this year and just you know but
you can do those kind of things remote
so yeah I'm in favor 100% I hope we keep
her as long as she's
willing there's an element of kicking a
can down the road which I get but you
know at some point we'll probably have
to find a replacement but I you know
General I would agree I think we can
make it work um Lise or Kim any comment
on
that I'm good with it I mean everybody's
doing it from home now
so if it works and and uh and Eric is
fine with it it's fine with me as
well Kimberly any comment
or yeah mute
well we'll come back and we can always
come back to that if we need
to she's still muted
but okay well do you need anything
further from us Eric other than you want
a motion or anything just to knowledge
that we're in general fa in favor of it
um you could make a motion that would be
great um you know just I would make a
motion to recommend to the board of
Selectmen that you
continue uh you know Cheryl Miller
Services I think that would be
appropriate yeah I would agree I go
ahead and make the motion to continue
with Cheryl Miller accounting services
for the town of Andover as the
treasurer
um yeah to working remotely yeah and we
approve her working remote because she
will always check in and you know we
have confidence that she'll still
continue well in that
manner okay and
second I'll second it
Louise see Kimberly you looks like
you're on twice
sorry there you are yeah no I'm
completely in favor of it I think it's
too important a position to um you know
lose her just work with her
okay any further discussion we go and
take a
vote all those in favor say I I I any
opposed any extensions hearing none
motion passes thank you very
much okay the next agenda item is 5B
which is entitled letter of interest I
think really what this is is these are
the interested candidates for the uh
open position on the board of Finance I
believe we have four at this point
um and once again I'm I'm made an
assumption where I shouldn't have did
you guys all get the email from
the town
clerk yeah you did it looks like looks
like it went to your to your Andover
email only um I feel like I know of two
candidates only somehow I don't know the
had was the first and then we had
another one that she
forwarded on the 21st
of August and that was from Heather
vanara which is also in the packet and
then this morning she sent a list in a
Word document that had Heather vanera
Liz loic and Marcy Miner so those so
those there were three listed there but
Stephen wasn't I did reply at her just
wanted to confirm that something hadn't
changed with Stephen that he was still
on the list I assumed it was just kind
of an updated uh list so we have those
four candidates at this point um I
haven't heard of any more um can I just
ask you when the town clerk sent that to
you because I asked her for that
information to put it in the packet and
she gave me nothing um it was like 11:55
this
morning all right oh I didn't it yet
okay can you forward that to me just did
thank you and Mark you said we all did
receive it I didn't check that email
today because yeah it looks like it went
to your just the just the town email um
and you know in both of those one was
sent on the 21st and also the one that
was sent on the
um this morning okay are we thinking we
would have the candidates appear at the
next meeting when maybe our full board
is present is that our
thought
um know that would be probably the next
step whether it happens at the next
meeting or the one after that okay um
the good thing about the timing here is
you know we're not immersed in the
depths of the
um budget season so I don't think that
there's any huge rush to fill the
position um I I had sent Carol an email
asking her to put it in the river's
bulletin and and post it and you know I
think through like you know
requested letters of interest you know
by the end of September so I don't think
we necessarily need to make a decision
but um I didn't want to have a you know
short time I want to give people an
opportunity to come back on vacation and
get kids do all the things they wanted
you know need to do it's a busy time of
year um but yeah
I think really one of the things though
that I would like to see is um I would
probably um it' be my intention um and I
wanted to talk about this tonight in
this agenda item would be to reach out
to all of these people who have
expressed interest and then ask them to
kind of provide either kind of a
personal statement Andor like a resume
so that we have a little bit more
information on their background uh with
which to make some preliminary
evaluations give us some context text
for uh their their interest their and
their qualifications so that when we do
speak to them we have an opportunity to
do so you know with some you know
preliminary information some
context agreed that's a great idea yeah
it doesn't have to be anything fancy but
I think just you know a little I feel
like Stephen did that the first time and
probably Kim did too so we had kind of
information when we had to fill the
thing the last time at the open and it's
just helpful
yeah other questions or comments about
that no
okay hearing none I guess we'll move on
to the approval of the meeting minutes
from July 24 yeah Louise I have one um
the new person would they start fresh or
would they uh just continue on with um
what's his name you you you would
continue you continue you serve out the
remainder of the term of the term so
yeah so the term the terms uh are
staggered by Design so there's three
members that will end in one year which
is 2025 or maybe it's four and then you
know three and then four you know three
and one year and then four and two years
later and then the other three and two
years after that for fouryear terms so
by running you know having somebody fill
the remaining of the term it keeps us on
that staggered schedule
okay Mark I have a since you had moved
on to the next item if everyone else is
done with filling the position I have a
comment on the minutes if I okay um Eric
I had a question and then a comment is
there a I remember in the past is there
a set amount that the town grants
whoever takes the minutes types up the
minutes per meeting yeah yes okay um and
I think as an overview most of the
time they get it right and we have
enough detail and comments but since
they are they get the video of the
meeting and they get to hear it and slow
it or go back and forth to get detail I
just want to make sure that detail is
provided especially if there's a couple
I don't want to say negative but we need
to bring forth all of the comments
because on these minutes as you guys
probably
remember um item D under new business
when we talked about the error in the
Excel budget sheet I mean in case people
aren't able to see the the meetings or
to hear the comments I would have liked
a little more detail on um you know some
of the things that I said about the
error yeah I I'm not sure I agree with
that Joe because what what can become
problematic there if we if we have just
the general observations and comments is
that if you if you get too much detail
it can really get bogged down
and I it's it's a fine line um you got
to be I mean and and I don't I don't
want by by saying that by any means I
don't mean to say that we they shouldn't
include the negative and the positive or
both sides of any issu that's a little
more even Mark I mean there was a lot of
discussion and it's like just boom boom
that's it we need to let the taxpayers
know what had happened what we caught as
the board of Finance how we felt about
it there's no problem with that that
that lets our taxpayers know that we are
here for a reason and we take our job
seriously so with a big mistake like
that we just want to make sure it
doesn't happen again it wasn't $4 it was
$40,000 so that's all yeah I guess I
guess from that standpoint we could have
had a little more detail about what the
ER was and the scope of it that's fair
yeah yeah just giving a little I mean
they made it seem cut and dry well we
fixed it we're doing this you know just
we don't mind you know just let them
know what our board is doing if these
are the minutes of our meetings then
this is the comments that we had not I'm
never about negativity I'm about making
sure that we fix it and just doesn't
happen again so that's all for the most
well we certainly in this case is you
know this is if if you like we can we
can request that we have a little more
detail there yeah I would like that then
I don't want to approve them I'd like to
just have a I'm sure the person that
does the minutes and I don't want to
call them out I think they do a great
job for the most part so just a little
more detail I would I would like it
maybe the rest of the board doesn't
agree but if they do um we just want to
be transparent with our meetings yeah so
so just a reference this is under item
4D which is four 5D uh new business uh
error and Excel budget street so there's
a note that says shared screen with
budget sheet reviewed error offset
offset error by drawing down less from
fund balance so what I think Joanne
you're suggesting is that we
probably uh could have a little more
detail behind this one that
says um you know error was discovered in
the Excel budget sheet the amount
is you know whatever the number is
something yeah uh Board of Finance
reviewed the error and discussed how to
avoid in the future
um the you know the uh the amount will
be offset by uh drawing down less from
the uh from the fund balance um than
planned something like
that yeah I would be fine with that I
just want to to give the town a little
bit more if they look at minutes they
probably can't listen to the whole
meeting you know people yeah yeah that's
fair enough I think I think that's a
fair that's a fair suggestion thank you
on that one because it is it is you know
it's an unusual a little more context is
good right it did cause the mill rate to
be higher than it needed to be again
when people are you know trying to set a
budget and trying to approve certain
things and less so that's just
unfortunate in the year when the
spending increased tremendously that we
had that error so that's all I
appreciate that Mark sure yeah no it's
it's a fair it's a good observation
anybody else have any comments on the
meeting minutes
okay so kind of given Joanne's
suggestion um you know we can still make
a motion to approve the meeting minutes
or we can just skip on to the next
agenda item if nobody's going to make a
motion to approve at this
time I would like to ask and then the
board can say if they're you know not in
favor I would like to ask if we could
have them revise like you just said Mark
and then try to approve them next month
yeah Eric do you think we need a motion
on that or just you have enough
information or we could just have that
whoever reviews this could take it no I
think you're fine okay we don't need a
motion if you don't want to approve the
minutes don't approve the minutes thank
you all right next item is the
administrator's report um Eric so this
and I I just want to mention so we were
looking at one of the reasons we wanted
to have today's meeting is we thought
we'd have last minute uh transfers to do
approve the transfers I guess we don't
have those available yet huh yeah no
Cheryl hasn't finished those as most of
you know the books officially I mean
July 1's the end of the fiscal year any
expense that comes in after August
15th um is automatically assigned to the
next fiscal year regardless of when but
Cheryl hasn't gotten the final uh
Corrections yet whatever Corrections
there are that you haven't gotten or are
are very minimal anyway but um it will
probably be next month that that will be
presented to
you
okay I have a question to budget related
to Eric I know when I listen to the
board of Selectmen meeting we had said
that the um and I so I was wondering the
amount I know that the resident trooper
bill came in less than what we budgeted
can I ask what it was what the bill came
in
as uh you
can
um I give me a second
12,702
120 thanks and we budgeted was it
140 I think so I will look back to I
think it's 140 in this new budget that's
what I noticed today so all right thanks
got yeah I mean the the real problem
with that budget is that the state
doesn't tell you ahead of time what
their overhead is going to be um so even
if you know who your Trooper is and what
his raw salary is going to be you don't
have any way to to Really accurately
predict the final bill
so
okay and so we also don't have a
ballpark idea of what we'll have left
over then because we want to wait for
the transfers and the rest of the bills
is that what we're
thinking uh I don't I mean I know we're
in the black but exactly how much I
can't tell you okay I mean remember
because we hadn't anticipated having a
stiff account we're gonna have about
$120,000 back just from just from
transition to a stiff account that we
hadn't uh anticipated so um we should
have a relatively good
Surplus this year okay all right sounds
good thank you
Eric more for from an administrator's
report standpoint no it's so early in
the budget we don't have a lot I mean
obviously we finally completed the
community center which is good um we're
pretty close to finally paying off that
um it looks like when we fully pay that
off um we're going to have somewhere
around
$99,000 left of arpa funds
from the original arpa account um so
we'll be talking I want to pay the final
bills off of that before I make that
statement um there's a couple different
possibilities um one is looking at
whether we can reclassify some of the
expenses we paid out of the multi-use
building fund in the past that went
towards the community center whether we
could reclassify that is arpa funding um
but that's gets a little more
questionable because it stretches back
to a previous FIS school year so Cheryl
is checking in on that or whether we
look at it um we do have to by around
December of this year have uh encumbered
that money for something we don't have
to have spent it um we and it's
certainly the majority of that money um
of the
$960,000 or $980,000
um all but $10,000 has been you know
encumbered and spent so far um actually
it's even a little less than 10,000 so I
think that will probably be a discussion
for next month um but only after we've
paid the last of the Leading Edge bills
and we know exactly where we stand for
that um there are some extra things we
can buy for the community center uh
without getting ourselves in hot water
um um so we may propose that or we may
propose to use that to spend down money
that was already expended for the
multi-use building fund and then just
refund the multi-use building fund I
don't know where we're going with that
uh yet but hopefully we will fairly
short okay any anything
else can I ask Eric a question it's
since there isn't um I hope that I'm
allowed at this part of the meeting but
of course I know that we hired a new um
Community Senior Community Center
Director I heard you say that at the
meeting of the Selectmen do you mind can
I ask the person's name and you know are
they on the job now or that yes they
started two days after the open
oh um so yes her name is Tess
gruss and Y you can go down to the
community center and introduce yourself
no definitely I can't I missed again
being ill you know kind of multiple
things in a row you know not good luck
um I had to miss that opening which I
was really disappointed so I want to go
down and see that see the community
center in person yeah I can't wait to
come in and then I would love to meet
her um yeah so thank you I'm glad that
you got a person and that um they're on
the job already that's great thank you
yep I I met her during the senior
luncheon and we had a nice long
conversation I think she's uh a very
good person for that type of job very
outgoing and she's really excited about
it that's awesome that's what we need
right that's great yeah
and any other uh questions or for
Eric okay I guess we'll move on to liad
reports um typically this is Rob for uh
either the the tri board committee Andor
the
um CIP he's not on today does anybody
else have
anything all right hearing none I guess
we go on to nine or board open
discussion anybody have anything to
bring before the board we haven't
discussed
already I have a question I hope it can
slide in here too again pop thank you
popping onto the meeting and then
hearing that we had a resignation of a
board of selectman
member
um yeah I I I noticed I just happened to
catch it in the River East bulletin that
there was a posting for an vacancy in
the board of selectman I asked Eric and
he said that Paula King had resigned
from the board of selectman oh I almost
caught my myself there I'm like was I
not supposed to say okay so that was
able to oh oh that's too bad I mean yeah
yes Paula was great on the board and you
know someone good to work and
collaborate with so she will be missed
that's too bad um well thank I mean she
has to do what she has to do but well
thank you for the
clarification yeah currently we have a
position open on board of Finance Board
of selectman and Board of
Education oh really
have had to oh
wow okay do weot of volunteer
opportunities do we replace Paula the
same way as we replacing on the board of
Finance or is there something different
about a board of selectman I think it
would be the same I mean most of those
for the charter are basically done the
same way right
okay any
prospects no
yet not that I'm aware of but then again
if you asked me 20 minutes ago I would
have told you I only knew of one person
who applied from the board of Finance uh
position
so I'm often the last person to
know I'll be uh I'll be sure to check
anything further that comes across in an
email and to make sure a that everyone's
copying on they should be so
any other things to bring or before the
board okay hearing none we'll move on to
10 which is correspondence the only
thing that I have was uh was the email
that uh I already forwarded to you that
uh Shannon sent to the attorney sent the
proposed policy with the explanation I
don't have anything else other than the
you know the people expressed interest
for the position which we already
discussed anybody else have any
correspondence okay hearing none we'll
move on to 11 which is public speak
again we have Shannon and Linda looks
like anything to add or comment on so
three things um I just got off the phone
with Dennis um he just had surgery so
that's why he hadn't uh reviewed the
policy um and he also commented which is
what I was concerned about that he has
been spending um tremendous amount of
time with the questions for the ballot
um which has been his primary goal
because they're due to the Secretary of
the State so hearing that it wasn't an
emergency and that he just had surgery
um he'll get back to us asap on the tri
board policy okay second thing um
because you don't have Robert here there
hasen't been a CIP meeting in a couple
months so there's nothing to report from
there and third thing is um there is a
matter of timing mark As far as
replacing um Brian in that if you don't
act within 60 days the board of
Selectmen then gets to choose his
replacement so I don't know remember
exactly when Brian put his letter into
the clerk but by waiting another till
your meeting after the next meeting it
you might run a foul of that thanks yeah
that's a good point yeah we probably
would I'd have to go back and check but
uh yeah it's kind of a quirky thing in
the thing it says that it says that the
border of Selectmen May do it so that
would uh certainly be within their
purview per the thing so it looks like
uh Brian sent his resignation
announcement on August 7th so in theory
then we would need to replace him and I
guess that would roughly be like August
5th or August 3rd some or I'm sorry
October 3rd somewhere around there so
truthfully don't we we really should
make it a point to do it at the next
meeting if we
could um IDE I think yeah I mean you
know I think as long as we've had an
opportunity to generate fair amount of
Interest which we have we have you know
we have four candidates already so
that's great um I would think we
probably
could it would goodidea I feel like
we've done it quicker before so even
this will give us longer time than we
have I just you know I like our board to
be able to make our decisions and if we
are if we're able to and that would give
us plenty of time like you said we have
four candidates already
so yep hopeful that we can request
resumés or whatever from them however
the appropriate thing whether Carol has
to ask them or the town clerk or whoever
do we've got their contact information
we don't need her to do that yeah I'm
just ask you guys are so much better at
the charter than I so I just want to
follow the proper procedure yeah nope
sounds good and and I would also note
that the board of Selectmen is not going
to choose somebody for another board
um you know if the board of Finance
refused to pick somebody they might but
they're not going to go out of their way
to choose your they don't want to open
that can of worms either yeah so yes the
charter allows them to do it after a set
period of time but as long as you're
acting in good faith um there's no
reason you know yeah especially when
there's nothing pressing in terms of the
budget but you know there if there's no
compelling reason for us to wait it you
know I also agree we probably should get
on it
so yeah fair fair Fairly stated con okay
uh Linda do you have anything all
set Linda it's an opportunity to come
back on you have yeah yeah miss
you I
like I can tune out whenever I want
there you
go okay well the next agenda item is
adjournment would anybody like to make a
motion to adjourn I'll make the motion
to adjourn okay Louise do I have a
second I'll second okay Kimberly
seconds discussion hearing none all
those in favor say I I any
opposed okay the meeting is adjourned
thank you everybody enjoy your next few
weeks enjoy